OCPBUGS-22968: OpenStack: Update LB limitations for 4.14 (#67424)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-osp-loadbalancer-etp-local.adoc

In {rh-openstack} 16.2, the OVN Octavia provider does not support health monitors. Therefore, setting the ETP to local is unsupported.

> In {rh-openstack} 16.2, the Amphora Octavia provider does not support HTTP monitors on UDP pools. As a result, UDP load balancer services have `UDP-CONNECT` monitors created instead. Due to implementation details, this configuration only functions properly with the OVN-Kubernetes CNI plugin. When the OpenShift SDN CNI plugin is used, the UDP services alive nodes are detected unreliably. This is also affecting OVN Octavia provider in any {rh-openstack} version, as it does not support HTTP health monitors completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {rh-openstack} 16.2, the Amphora Octavia provider does not support HTTP monitors on UDP pools. As a result, UDP load balancer services have `UDP-CONNECT` monitors created instead. Due to implementation details, this configuration only functions properly with the OVN-Kubernetes CNI plugin. When the OpenShift SDN CNI plugin is used, the UDP services alive nodes are detected unreliably. This issue also affects the OVN Octavia provider in any {rh-openstack} version because the driver does not support HTTP health monitors completely.
```
@dulek
